[docs] Make editorial changes to the relnotes (#17718)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

*Affecting all Beats*

- Environment variables can no longer reference other environment variables or objects. {pull}15937[15937]
- Change `aws_elb` autodiscovery provider field name from `elb_listener.*` to `aws.elb.*`. {issue}16219[16219] {pull}16402[16402]

> - Remove `AddDockerMetadata` and `AddKubernetesMetadata` processors from the `script` processor. They can still be used as normal processors in the configuration. {issue}16349[16349] {pull}16514[16514]

Author: ```suggestion
- Remove support for using `add_docker_metadata` and `add_kubernetes_metadata` processors from the `script` processor. They can still be used as normal processors in the configuration. {issue}16349[16349] {pull}16514[16514]
```

> *Journalbeat*

Author: @mikemadden42  The items under Journalbeat and Metricbeat here do not seem like breaking changes. Do I need ot move them to the correct sections under bug fixes?

Reviewer: @urso Do these look like breaking changes to you?  Thanks.

Reviewer 2: No, these belong into the 'Added' section.

*Affecting all Beats*

- Fix Kubernetes autodiscovery provider to correctly handle pod states and avoid missing event data. {pull}17223[17223]
- Fix `add_cloud_metadata` processor to better support modifying sub-fields with other processors. {pull}13808[13808]
- Fix panic in the Logstash output when trying to send events to closed connection. {pull}15568[15568]
- Fix logging target settings being ignored when Beats are started via systemd or docker. {issue}12024[12024] {pull}15422[15442]
- Fix issue where default go logger is not discarded when either * or stdout is selected. {issue}10251[10251] {pull}15708[15708]
- Remove superfluous use of `number_of_routing_shards` setting from the default template. {pull}16038[16038]
- Automatically convert index names to lowercase. {pull}16081[16081]
- Fix loading processor annotation hints, allowing the value to be a full configuration section. {pull}16348[16348]

> - Upgrade go-ucfg to latest v0.8.3. {pull}16450[16450]

Reviewer 2: I'd say users don't care about updated patch releases. This PR might be the only user visible one: https://github.com/elastic/go-ucfg/pull/139
But this might be fixed in 7.7 already.

Reviewer: I agree.  I think we should remove the `go-ucfg` updates.
